==1. Package Summary==

The URDF, meshes, and other elements needed in the simulation are contained here. 

 * Autor: [http://www.robotnik.eu/ Robotnik Automation]
 * License: BSD
 * Source: svn http://robotnik-powerball-ros-pkg.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/robotnik-powerball-ros-pkg/trunk/robotnik_powerball_description
 
==2. Folders ==

===2.1. launch===

Contains the different launch files of the different robots/environments (guardian, gball, robotnik,...).

===2.2. Media===

Contains the textures, models and scripts to represent the Robotnik simulated world incorporated in the package.

===2.3 meshes===

This folder has the meshes of the *basic* Guardian robot organized by part (chassis, wheel, others...) and by model (v5, v6, especial version...), so it allow easily changes in the URDF.

===2.4 models===

Contain models like the Robotnik environment STL used in simulation.

===2.5 urdf===

Contains the different URDF's, both for basic and modified versions like GBALL, GWAM.

===2.6 worlds===

Contain the worlds used in simulation (empty.world, robotnik.world, outdoor.world...).

==3. Start up==

 * *roslaunch guardian_description guardian.launch* to get a complete simulated Guardian in a empty space.
 * *roslaunch guardian_description guardian_robotnik.launch* to get a complete  simulated Guardian in a Robotnik environment running in Gazebo.
 * *roslaunch guardian_description guardian_robotnik_empty.launch* to get a complete simulated Guardian in a Robotnik empty environment (only the walls) running in Gazebo.